and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show I'm your host
Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and if you haven't done
so yet check out my weekly email where I
share actual website and B2B marketing
tips useful podcast goodies resources
and more each and every week to kick off
your week with a bang why not give it a
shot over at business growth dot emails
so joining me today I've got DJ Haskins
he's the head of marketing over at
engage where
DJ welcome to the show how you doing
thank you Sam yeah welcome appreciate
you having me here today no worries dude
so looking forward to looking forward to
the convo we're going to be talking
exactly we're gonna be Chang F B2B lead
gen B2B lead generation is it dead is it
dead as we know it is it alive and well
who knows we're gonna discuss it and
hopefully come to some kind of
settlement and uh put put the lead gen
world when it comes to business to
business to write so first and foremost
DJ I'd like to know your thoughts on
kind of how B2B lead gen is has evolved
over the last kind of five or so years
or so
yeah it's definitely changed a lot I
mean I think you know I've been in the
website and the B2B space for 20 years
and you know it used to just be throw up
uh some some content in a form and boom
there you go uh yeah ebooks and gating
everything and passing those quote
unquote mqls over to your SDR or bdr
team or AE team and having them follow
up
um and then you know if they didn't
convert blaming them you know look you
don't know how to do it right
um and now
you know just all the information that I
see read and collaborate with our with
our peers is you know form conversions
are way way down more buying is done
kind of behind the scenes or with the
research on your on your website and
through review sites and talking to
peers
um so I don't know if it's dead it's
definitely changed that is 100 for sure
yeah yeah there's no doubt in that so
that said I mean you've only got to go
on LinkedIn for a few minutes now and if
you're connected to a few B2B marketers
then there's so much talk I know I
almost see a postal to a day with
someone stating that lead gen's Dead
lead gen is not the way to do things
anymore if you're a B2B company if
you're a SAS company then you you need
to focus on demand generation
creating new demand around your product
but is that the only way I mean as far
as I'm concerned I mean I do a lot of
the selling here for us at web choice so
I always enjoy getting on the on sales
calls now
I'm always conflicted I'd love to know
your thoughts because yes you want to
create demand and awareness for your
brand but at the same time you need
those leads to to actually fuel your
sales pipeline but what what are your
thoughts on it DJ yeah you're absolutely
right and I think the you know there's
there's plenty of of marketing
um experts influencers on LinkedIn we're
seeing this from probably a lot of the
same people that we follow that
it's it's really about creating
awareness and and providing great
content that that speaks to them and
that resonates with them
um
over the course of time you know AKA I
might hear about something today tuck it
away later in my brain and then 30 60 90
days come back and do an organic Google
search for the company name that I
remember that or the person's name right
and then you know organic would then get
all the credit for that right but it
really came from something that I saw
somewhere else
so I yes you know absolutely we need to
still have metrics that we measure right
in terms of mqls and conversion rates to
meetings that or whatever that next
action is and for me a lot of the
thinking that I do is
if we're truly going to ungate Great
content and what I mean by ungating
great content is if we run an ad and it
sends 200 people to the page I want
those 200 people to consume the content
right I don't want to just only have six
or eight percent of the people that
filled out the form consumer now that's
200 people that now at least have
consumed our point of view uh or at
least the content versus that you know
40 or 50 people well actually that's not
even it would be closer to like 16 to 18
people right that would actually consume
it but you know obviously demo request
is the ultimate you know raise your hand
yes I want to talk to you but what I
spend a lot of time thinking about is if
we are going to ungate the content what
is a really good kind of mid funnel
offer right that they would be willing
to exchange their information and
whether we quote unquote mql that AKA
hand it off to sales or whether that
then starts a nurture to try to drive
them to that next step of the demo these
are all things that need to be
considered tested iterated through
um in something that we we spent a lot
of time in Q2 and Q3 kind of coming up
with our own kind of mid funnel offer to
start to test that
yeah yeah yeah so going back to the
start of the chat and we'll get into I
know you've got some tips of what's
worked well for yourselves of the manual
when it comes to actually putting
together offers putting together kind of
things that work well when it comes to
getting solid leads for yourself so you
must want to jump into in a bit but you
mentioned like five or so years back
probably a bit more than that as well
and the common practice was to and many
companies still do it put out ebooks um
put up guides do webinars whatever it is
to to get email addresses names from
potential prospects that might have some
form of interest in a piece of media
that you're putting out do you think
that's still an effective way to build a
pipeline for B2B orgs
I do I just think that we have to temper
our expectations around those so we've
done hundreds of webinars over the four
and a half years that I've been with the
with the organization
um and it used to be that you know 2018
you could
eat cold email a list of contacts with a
webinar and get you know
100 people to show you could get you
know the the register to show rate would
be 65 70 percent and from there those
would turn in you know we'd be able to
book you know
I don't know eight to ten percent
um conversion rate on register to attend
to to meeting yep that doesn't those
numbers are not like that anymore at
least for us right now it's especially
with covet a lot more people started to
do quote-unquote virtual events I think
there was fatigue around that I also
think that we as consumers have become a
little bit more aware of what happens
when I register for a webinar right what
what's going to happen
so we still do webinars and and we
actually have a lot of discussion
internally around vernacular so you know
we want to do these online sessions
but I'm really kind of careful about how
we title those right so we want to do
um webinars which are thought leadership
which we are making an offer at the end
it's really just thought leadership and
then we're being careful about how we
you know the follow-up on that because
what what I skipped over was that we're
seeing registration you know is lower
what we're seeing is register to attend
is much lower not that 60 to 70 we might
be lucky to get 40 to 45 percent
but when we change the title of those
and how we Market it we see better
um results and what I mean by that is
like we ran quarter three we ran demos
we were just like we're going to be very
explicit this is a demo you're going to
come and you're going to see this
to learn this right and then at least
the expectation of that is like I know
what I'm getting myself into because a
lot of webinars are really just demos
wrapped around the title of a webinar
right and you spend half the time trying
to to create a story to get to the demo
um and then the other thing that we you
know information sessions and just we've
been really kind of working through and
we've been doing a lot with our customer
Community to really say you know we
created this this community of
Engagement Bankers where we do these
show and tells and different labels
conversations we're calling them because
we're expecting more people that we want
them to participate in that
um
so anyway that I got off track a little
bit there but and then ebooks ebooks are
still I think really really or white
papers or reports or whatever we want to
call them are still a valuable piece of
content right it's just we can't hate
them anymore we just can't right I mean
we have to we want them to consume them
I've seen a lot and I look at the a lot
to see what our other B2B companies
doing in terms of like are they just
PDFs or are they HTML pages with really
strong calls action in there and and how
do we then you know do you just have
HTML page with all the content and then
enter your email to download your own
copy after they've consumed it you know
we've seen higher conversion rates on on
those types of things because it's now I
say yes I will give you my email because
I've already consumed it I want to share
this I want to be able to go back and
reference it
yeah and before we dive into these
points a bit deeper what would be your
definition of a mql as opposed to an SQL
uh I think an SQL is probably somebody
that has been vetted by whether it's a
bdr or an AE meaning that they're you
know a meeting has been set there is
something that is there is an event
there's a trigger whether that's budget
whether that's pain whether that's
whatever those might be that is then
validated that that person is then going
to go
Be A Champion to sell your solution to
others in the institution an mql
this definition changes all the time
right and there's not all mqls are
created equal
a market you know an mql from our
perspective is somebody that has done a
certain a number of actions that is then
ready to be passed over to a bdr or an
SDR and there when I say not all mqls
are created equal you know I measure
conversion rates from different types of
mqls and and we we know that you know a
click to schedule which is our demo
request you know schedule time with us
has a much higher conversion rate than
somebody that
you know hits the HubSpot scoring
threshold right and based on interacting
with content those those
um conversion rates are low so an mql is
somebody that we've deemed based on
our scoring model ready to talk to sales
SQL somebody that sales has talked to
and through some type of metric there's
alignment that this has been a common
opportunity
do you think uh sqr sales qualified lead
always needs to speak to a sales rep
first before it sells qualified
the answer is I believe it depends it
depends on the product that you sell
and what I mean by that is there's
product-led growth where you don't even
need to interact with sales because
you're registering for an account
you know you're interacting with it
whether you're it's a free trial or
whether you're putting a credit card in
so from that perspective it's different
than an Enterprise level sale that has a
three to six month sales cycle has five
to eight different buyers involved sure
yeah yeah it makes sense and yeah that I
suppose there's always gonna be that
argument really if it's a low ticket
item and you can literally just get a
free demo or free trial through the site
itself and it's relatively low um risk
in terms of the monthly expense maybe
it's just 50 bucks 100 bucks per month
per month per year well I've even yeah
I've even seen people talk about like
look hey this is I know it's going to be
12 Grand a year it's a thousand dollars
a month with the website and all the
material that you have has told me what
am I getting how does it work allows me
to go in and set up my stuff they don't
necessarily maybe need to talk not
not everyone would need to talk to sales
right some prefer to self-serve and just
like hey I want to do this Tuesday night
at 10 pm when I have an hour let me do
it then versus tomorrow at 10 A.M to
have an hour-long conversation about
this when I'm already I'm already you
already got me just let me get me going
right so I think it depends on each
different solution
yeah it's a different one right because
some I mean I I divulge I I mess around
talking about this on most shows and
solo episodes we run on business growth
show
um I'm always saying that your website
can be your best sales rep and it can
really qualify prospects quite hard
depending on if you want it to because
what I see is there's usually two splits
with B2B orgs so some organizations are
scared stiff to share their processes
pricing case studies hide everything
behind a gate so you've got to put your
email to access pretty much anything
um and then you've got the other other
side of the fence where companies will
openly share pretty much everything so
you can openly access resources guides
pricing case studies anything you want
to know is there on the website so that
theoretically means that prospects can
self-serve like you mentioned get a feel
for how you work who you can help and
work you've done in the past and then
qualify themselves in or out and then
decide if they want to book a demo
well and I think on the other side of
that too is just even the buyer right
some buyers they were all slightly
different in it depending on the
purchase so some buyers might prefer the
self-service group some buyers still
might want you know hey there's three of
us involved in this we need to get we
need to schedule time for the three of
us to review this and discuss it with a
facilitator AKA sales rep right so
that's that I think that's the other
side of the equation is that it's not
just
um what are we doing as marketers but
how are we facilitating how people buy
and their preferences within whether
they're personal or whether they're
institutional right or organizational I
should say yeah yeah if I appreciate
each each company especially when it
comes to Enterprise deals you're going
to need to have several conversations
with sales reps engineers and possibly
more depending on the difficulty that is
to integrate with the theory of software
and the size of the deal of course so
it's yeah it's uh it's very different
depending on what you sell
um with that said you mentioned
something a bit earlier the DJ you
mentioned that I think you said correct
if I'm wrong that ebooks shouldn't be
gated anymore
um so should should most content like
that be kind of Open Source be easy to
access I mean is that
because I mean many companies are are
doing this now but many still don't
um so it's it's a tricky one so what it
is
well we just
so we we do two really big quote-unquote
content campaigns throughout the year
you know one in the first half and one
in the second half
um the first half the one in the first
half we partner with a third party
um to get that industry validation they
create a lot of it with in conjunction
with us they then post it on their
website they gate it they send us over
you know the downloads
they're an industry publication and they
get much higher um downloads because
they have that third party credibility
of I'm going there for expertise
and then in the second half we do a
Trends report so we we run we invest a
lot of time effort and money into
surveying
um we release it as a webinar and then
and then a comprehensive Report with
findings last year we gated it
and we missed you know with the five
percent conversion rate 95 of the people
that were willing to consume it didn't
right this year we're not going to get
it right
because we want that other 90 we want
100 of the people to consume it because
the insights that are in there in our
point of view that are that is in there
and the value that they'll get from it
we want them to consume it so
we invested a lot of time I've written
money into it and what's the ROI of that
I think the ROI of that is that now
people have a different perspective or a
different point of view not everyone
might find it 100 valuable but at a
minimum now we can start to
you know the whole quote-unquote ABM or
marketing qualified account methodology
where we can then start to
Market back to them we can understand
you know at an organizational level who
was there we can start to do things
about that because
um and what I've seen over the course of
time when we go back and look at look at
different opportunities or mqls is that
a lot of times they were starting 30 60
90 days in advance of actual mqwelling
right they started that process so we
want to use this as a very top of funnel
peace so I don't believe you know now
maybe if this ebook is lower in the
funnel you know a checklist or something
along those lines maybe you do get it
but for Thought leadership and in the
way that I'm thinking about an ebook
I think it needs to be ungated
yeah so you're doing it on the basis
that is a generally helpful piece of
content it's going to be useful to your
target your target market and then are
you going on the basis that will
remarket to that audience 100
whether that's LinkedIn ads place where
guys whatever Channel they're on to yes
gonna get in front of them over time
correct and then working through the
right next step right they've consumed
this
what is the remarketing aspect next what
is that next and that also happens on
page right in terms of the call to
action built into that which is which is
why we're going to build an HTML page
versus just the PDF because we can
control the experience a lot better
um to try to drive them deeper into
learn more about
this point of view these Solutions etc
etc yeah yeah yeah so a lot of this that
we've talked about is fairly
long-ish term when it comes to actually
driving people from initially hearing
about your company to then raising their
hands becoming a demo request
um especially if we're
providing on getting content and they're
consuming it they're perhaps enjoying it
and then over time we're getting our
company in front of them with ads
correct
um what if we're under pressure what if
we're under pressure from our CEO our
CMO they want leads they want to ramp up
the sales team's pipeline pretty quick
um what is what do you normally
recommend when it comes to that sort of
things for quicker routes to Market well
this is this is the balance that I think
a marketer in a marketing team has to
walk you have to have a certain amount
of activities built into your annual
plan quarterly plan
to have that steady stream of activity
and that's where I think I've gotten off
track in the past and I think that's
what I what I really really tried to to
quote unquote hedge against now is that
we have to have a certain amount of
activities
it's not something that you can turn on
tomorrow unfortunately right but it's
something that you can turn on next
month with hey we have these overarching
quote-unquote campaigns that are running
and it's you know if you were just take
30 days off you'd be in trouble right
because you kind of have to have the
steady stream of we're running this for
top of funnel we're running disk or
middle funnel and then for our
organization it's in conjunction with
our with our bdr team in terms of
ensuring that we we have an outbound
aspect of it and then infusing certain
triggers like a webinar even though I
said earlier that they're not performing
as well right they still work
um to some degree maybe just not as well
whether it's events inner event could be
in person it could be these demos that
we talked about it could be
um these kind of customer Community
conversations that we're having
um or it could just be you know ramping
up you know some of our other
advertising and that to me is really why
you know that mid funnel offer is
critical right so how can we then
promote something that maybe is a little
bit not quite that I'm ready for a demo
but it's something that I can create
mqls right and we need to find that
perfect balance so that we're you know
our leads don't look like this up and
down up and down but at more more kind
of consistent and those spikes kind of
shrink right so we have some high points
and low points but they're not way off
the charts yeah yeah let's let's get
into that mid funnel offer in a sec
um when
whether that's your organization or any
others that you've worked with when um
upper management c-suite
Etc say that they need to ramp up leads
pretty fast what are your immediate
go-to's do you normally say well let's
ramp up Google search ads do you
normally increase spend on review sites
um do you or do you just say look we
need more time the demand gen play or
the longer term play the ABM motion is
working
yeah so for for us and for our
organization we could ramp up digital
right in terms of in terms of driving
traffic
the challenge with that comes back to
the offer right I mean because it's yeah
where we can show that we drove traffic
right but if we're not going to gate
things we're not going to get the mqls
um you know so that there's that so
webinars for us has been that's always
been our go-to hey need leads boom all
right let's run up let's run a webinar
but then when we look at our metrics
I can show you that we're going to get a
43 register to attend I can show you
that we're going to get a four to five
percent meeting set conversion rate for
there so we're just juking stats at that
point right we're just playing a game
um to show
oh our mqls went up right but but
they care about that only because they
what they what they really care about is
opportunities in close one right and so
it's a game in some regards and I don't
necessarily want to play the the game
but we know how to play the game and so
for us that would be a webinar if that
was if our my CEO came to me tomorrow
and so we need 200 mq Wells next week
yeah first thing I would say is like
that's a vanity stat
but if you need me to here's what we're
gonna do yeah no fair enough let's let's
talk about this mid funnel offer that
you recommend DJ be interesting to know
what's working well there for you yeah
and this isn't necessarily something
that I you know I don't necessarily have
with a solution but but what we've done
you know I followed Dave Gerhart and a
lot of other a lot of other B2B leaders
and Dave actually just sent out an email
this week talking about the mid funnel
offer you know what's a mid funnel offer
you know hub's the probably one of the
more famous One was hubspot's website
creator that came out you know 2009 2010
where they're able you know engineering
as marketing for lack better work where
they were actually able to give you
something of value so that you could
have a report that actually showed where
you need to go next drift had that where
you could had something similar where
you could see what the chatbot looked on
your website right and for us we can't
necessarily do anything product wise
it's just too complicated
um so what we did is we created these
three-minute demos you know they're
gated basically they're very I found
this great script on YouTube where it's
kind of flipped the whole script around
like don't start with value prop this is
a demo start with what does the user
actually see talk about your secret
sauce talk about what does the manager
care about their value and then at the
end talk about what is the executive
care about from the overall value prop
so we created these these three minute
demos for each of our three products and
we promote them on our product page and
we've seen it's a great mid funnel offer
right so we're having our demos and our
our click to schedules which you know we
get a steady stream of those but now now
we've we've doubled or tripled the
number of quote-unquote mqls that are
coming in through this offer and that's
really what I'm pressing our team for
all the time is like what's our next
offer how do we have three or four of
those
so that Mark you know management isn't
coming to me and saying we need more
mqls I can go back to them with with a
borderline predictive model of like hey
if we continue to do X and Y we're going
to see this this and this these are the
conversion rates and I can wake up on
you know the first day of the quarter
and comfortably say here's how we're
going to read our meet our meetings that
goal because I don't care about mql
goals I care about meetings that goals
because we know that the downhill
metrics from there yeah yeah nice I like
the idea and when you say mid funnel how
do you see or how do you for example
drive people to that at what stage are
they ready to see that
well so for us and we haven't perfected
it you know and I'm not sure that the
the three-minute demo is that this isn't
the end-all be-all it's just another
arrow in our quiver
um
but for us it's really it's it's being
able to promote it on on a remarketing
so if somebody has visited our page and
hasn't um actually done it that's the
next offer for them right in the
marketing perspective that's one number
two is we're using it um promoting it in
outbound email in part of our nurture so
if we know who they are and they have
interacted that's part of the the next
step in the nurture uh and then thirdly
it's just it's constantly testing the
page where is this placed what are we
how are we labeling it what color is it
are we using a pop-up
you know are we not using a pop-up so
there's there's there's different
components I think to that piece
um it's not aesthetic and forget it by
any means right
yeah yeah is that something you actively
display on your website or Is there any
to people that are a certain stage
no we don't we we we don't do that level
of personalization yet on our website so
right now it's just if you go to that
page
or those three pages I should say you'll
see it or there's more than three but
the the three family you know Suites of
family Pages if you want yeah yeah I got
it
um yeah it's interesting because I know
some companies like to have
because when it comes to demos I think a
lot of prospects don't love to take them
um because certainly when it comes to my
mind a demo just makes me think that I'm
gonna sit on Zoom with a sales rep for
them 30 minutes explaining how great
their product is and the feature list
from A to Z and I'm sure many sales reps
don't do that they take time to do good
Discovery understand your problems your
goals your business outcomes Etc yeah
great sales reps out there don't get me
wrong so I know quite a lot of sites
quite a lot of organizations now like to
put a small shop Snapshot video demo on
there on those sites so people can get a
flavor like dip their toe in the water
and then think well I want a bit more of
this I'm ready to speak to cells well
yeah and I think the other Nuance with
it is it you you could make the argument
that that should be ungated right you
could definitely make that argument in
the way that we're working around that
is giving
you know brief Snippets to kind of build
Intrigue to want to see the full thing
right yeah and and we even say that you
know we get it you're not ready to talk
to sales yet here's a three minute you
know where you learn and you could kind
of see behind the behind the hood and
what's really interesting to me though
is the results of this is it's not just
prospects that we're we're seeing a lot
of you know about I would say about half
the people that are downloading this are
um people that are being brought into an
opportunity hey we got this wide
audience demo tomorrow with engage
wares.product and then we'll see one or
two people demo you know go like hey
what is this again I want to go check it
out before I sit in there we're seeing
that interesting and then we're also
seeing you know I have a great example
that we're showing at our qbr where four
people from One institution
um actually filled it out right and if
you go back and look
the ADP of XYZ watched it first
forwarded it to three other people is
what I assume happened because it all
happened within if you look you know
yeah
and then a project manager actually
filled out the request information form
and said all right we are now ready to
talk about this right
um but so if you backtrack it was really
the decision maker or one of the
decision makers that started the process
and then delegated the next steps to to
park people on their team so it's
interesting what we're learning from
having this that we might not have seen
otherwise that's useful isn't it it is
and it actually shows that people are
sharing it amongst their colleagues
correct in their organization and
they're all consuming it and it makes
you know that it's actually a helpful
tool and had we not had that we we would
have just gotten this demo request from
this project manager and not known that
hey so and so so and so on so and so are
also involved in this process and when
you're having that conversation you know
from when that gets passed over to try
to get those people in and without being
creepy because it's borderline creepy
that we know that
yeah I mean it's useful I'm an issue for
your sales team as well though because
then they can know who's watching it and
they can even bring it out they can just
what did you think of this clip is there
anything specific you want to know
before we take the demo yeah and that's
the thing that we're you know that's a
big piece of our next year is like how
are we what are we doing to to create
more of these and what are we trying
what are we doing to optimize what we do
have right because it comes back to you
would ask a question if if the CEOs
tomorrow says we need more leads
I don't biology is the analogy I want to
stay out of the principal's office I
want marketing to be out of the
principal's office meaning that we're
performing and we're communicating when
things aren't going well hey this isn't
working here's why and here's what we're
doing about it so from my perspective
the more we get ahead of this this in in
a perfect world the CEO never comes to
me and says that right
yeah because that's where kind of I try
to drive our team towards us what is
that next offer right so that we're cons
now we've built this these Arab you know
we built out our quiver with these
arrows that are going to generate that
for us
yeah I like it so to wrap things up do
you think there should be a split and if
so what is it between the short-term
tactics and in your case DJ that sounds
like running a webinar to get a bunch of
mqrs as opposed to the long game where
that is giving out content free of
charge that your target market is going
to define genuinely useful and over time
serving them useful content whether
that's in the feed or LinkedIn where
that's eventually showing an ad or an
outbound email that sends them to a mid
funnel offer where they can get a sneak
peek of how you can help them and the
problems it can fix and then they might
be ready to jump on a full swing damage
should there be a should there be a
split is it 50 50 is it something
completely different
well I think the
the answer is it's different for
everyone and that's not what you want to
hear but I mean I think if we think
about it from like how do we build top
of funnel and reputation
what are we doing from a demand
perspective what are we doing from a
customer success and from you know sales
enablement you know if those are all of
marketing or if those are a bunch of
marketings
um
tactics right or what we're charged with
I think it's finding the optimal blend I
can't say but it's going to be that we
can't say you know for everybody it's
this we just can't say that
unfortunately for us I think we we're
playing the long end of short game
um
and some it's going to change depending
on the project you know in the quarters
that we have those two big pieces of
content coming up for us
it might be 70 30 right in terms of
level of effort but what we're really
looking for is how do we have that
optimal blend like so like I said so you
know we wake up on on January 1st and we
have our model built out we're pretty
accurately with reporting that we know
that we're going to get this number of
meetings set based on if we spend this
amount of money we're not there yet but
that's where we're hoping to get
yeah yeah yeah so what I'm hearing is
lead gen's not completely dead it's it's
still there it's still a necessary thing
to do but it sounds like it's slowly on
the decline for for B2B and it's more
focused on those mid funnel offers focus
on actually bringing your audience what
they want to see and what they want to
consume yeah I would say it's an
evolution right I mean it's it's like
everything else in life like like us as
human it's an evolution it's evolving
and it's our job as marketing and
marketing leaders to stay ahead of that
right and to be willing to try new
things and be willing to say
happy having the confidence to say I
have no idea if these three minute
videos are gonna work or not
I don't know
but but we're willing to test it right
and we're not going to spend six months
and two hundred thousand dollars we're
going to spend four weeks and three
thousand dollars and if it works then
we'll go back and spend the twenty five
thousand dollars or whatever that amount
of money is right yeah yeah a marketing
experiment so are a good move
always I mean like you say just being
able to invest a small amount of cash or
even your own team's time and then
assessing something over an agreed time
period and saying look this is the
outcome that we expect if it works well
and it gets this desired outcome great
we ramp it up if not fine we've learned
from it let's move on let's try
something else next or next month so
it's yeah something I think
organizations are quite afraid to do in
most companies that I I talk to anyway
I I think they are and I and I think it
comes out to just
staying out of the principal's office
and what I mean by that is communicating
and being open right and that's the way
I think that our team interacts and the
relationship that we have is to say like
it's okay to say I don't know
or it's okay to say this didn't work
but what you have to have is is the
confidence to say but here's what we're
going to do about it and here's how I
will report back to you on it right
um I think that transparency is
refreshing to a lot of people and not
something that a lot of executive teams
are used to hearing from the different
departments so you kind of you you
become that Malcolm Gladwell Purple Cow
a little bit with like oh I got 48
problems but marketing isn't one of them
good stuff good stuff DJ great way to
wrap it up and with that said sir thanks
very much for for coming on the show
enjoyed the conversation yeah I likewise
Sam I really appreciate thank you for
having me no worries dude please do tell
our audience where they can learn more
from you more about your business and
the best way to get in touch yeah so you
know on LinkedIn it's just DJ Haskins I
have one of those names that uh is not
overly common so if you just search in
DJ Haskins on LinkedIn
um and then you can check out
engagewear.com
um just engage where just like uh the
you know software.com and learn a little
bit more about you know we provide
customer engagement solutions to
financial institutions and services
niche market about a lot of fun Market
to be in
nice one sir thanks very much and we'll
put all of those links over in the show
notes at businessgrowth dot marketing
and as always if you enjoyed today's
episode a quick rating or review on your
audio podcast or subscribe on YouTube
goes a long way and we should catch you
on the next one for more actionable no
BS B2B marketing tips grow business and
grow Revenue cheers for tuning in all
right thank you